From: Victor George [victorgeorge@sbcglobal.net]
Sent: Wednesday, March 12, 2003 4:05 PM
To: .from Victor George
Subject: Azerbaijan environmental project

The meeting with the Azerbaijan Maritime Guard went very well today.  They
are here taking possession of an 84ft US Coast Guard ship that the United
States is giving to the Azerbaijan government. The boat is currently named
the "Pt Brower" and will be commissioned into the Azerbaijan Border Guard as
the S-201. They practiced tying up and boarding here on the Transquest(our
research vessel - www.transquest.org) then had lunch. Photos of today's
operation will be posted on this web site by Friday. The US Coast Guard out
of Yuba-Buena island and the San Francisco Police Marine unit accompanied
the Azerbaijan crew. I mentioned the US State Department Central Asia
Program and showed them the project map from the Feb 14th Lawrence Livermore
National Lab briefing given to congressman Weldon. They were impressed by
the environmental engineering expertise required to perform these tasks. The
Azerbaijan Captain and the State department personnel identified an island
in the Baku harbor that has Cold War contamination.  The Maritime Commander
said he will discuss these topics with the Baku mayor upon his return.  They
were impressed with the Transquest and her salvage and submarine
capabilities.  The Maritime Commander gave us permission to perform
underwater archeology on the Caspian Sea.  He identified two sites the
Soviets were interested in. He is interested in supporting joint projects
(environmental, archeological) between their university and ours (Davis,
Berkeley?) I traded emails and will see them again on Tuesday of next week
when we go out for night underway operations.

-----Original Message-----
From: Richard Knapp [mailto:knapp4@llnl.gov]
Sent: Tuesday, January 28, 2003 2:59 PM
To: Victor George
Cc: rosenberg4@llnl.gov
Subject: Re: Contact Information for Victor George


Vic;
   Great to hear from you!  I had been thinking of you recently as we
are stuck in this humungus struggle to get money from State to here
for our Kyrgyzstan work.  And all for a pittance.  Please let us know
how and what your doing and hopefully enough $ will spring here soon
for us to work together.

Regards...richard


>I'm back up on email and wanted to let you know my new address:
>victorgeorge@sbcglobal.net
>
>I will be contacting each of you individually in the next few
>weeks to follow up on specific business.
>
>Victor
>-------------
>Victor George
>EG Engineering
>415-515-4244 cell
>415-331-3555 ship
>victorgeorge@sbcglobal.net

--
Richard B. Knapp
L208
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
7000 East Avenue
Livermore, California USA   94550-9900
(925) 423-3328
(925) 422-3925 (FAX)
knapp4@llnl.gov



